feat(workspace/service): resource support unlock action (#4065)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/workspace_service.md

* `management_subnet_cidr` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The subnet segment of the management component.

> * `lock_enabled` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether to unlock the Workspace service. the default value is **false**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lock_enabled` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether to allow the provider to automatically unlock locked service when it is running. the default value is **false**.

  -> Services not used for more than 14 days will be automatically locked.
```

Author: fixed
